Tell us the beauty of borges here and today.
I'm bringing another video from 1024 to
you but a video of the series review of
accessories today guys a little about
his jeep grand cherokee class
rich in batting class here for 15 in
port days like me then we have
five children billions from here to every
three of them are fixed or
offensive and defensive are the shadow
present in all the classics you
You can see it here in support
you can see that in engineer ennahda
also salt and the other two are the
rights that are unique to each
class
in the case of an icon class that I go
speak today we have special operations of
snape
I made a video talking about the kids.
Ingrid of which if the salt is but today I
Talk a little about the rich ones, come on.
start here with defensive is the defensive
The same name was already said ready for him
lose and play more defensive not
is very cool chador defensive advantages
vest that if the armor reduce by 10%
the damage received on the trunk showed that
would be here in the part of the feat and this
specter guys do it's do it
difference compared to wear shots
so I had to snipe for the feat and you 're
with defensive aspect you will not
die if you have any other team not
have a vest you will die with a
A chest shot is for a sniper there.
Also depending on the distance then
advantage of this
main advantage is this first pec
that makes you not die to the
cards with chest shot at level 2 and
that have cover is the cover reduces the
Amazing what you take on level 3
flex which reduces explosive damage and
rapid regeneration that reduces the
time for you to start healing
So what does his name say is defensive?
defensive specializations for you
none that will influence your power
of fire at the time you attack the
enemies all aspects that
influence when you defend yourself
it's offensive guys with the name already
says it's a species for those who like
advance more for those who like to be more
puller on level 1 that we have a
weird
the race at level 2 ammunition increases its
maximum punishment number 3 here they had
grenades increases by a maximum number of
grenades so if you are with 13 and 42
aesthetic elements take four
hold on with a at 67 flex goes to
two and so any grenade is of the game
4 want to reduce
result of colon which increases the height of
which you can fall without suffering damage
they then the one that is offensive speck is
a very good species I'm using
I think I use it the least when the
game is in infantry servers this
I can do it but it's going to cost a lot
of the person's game style as well
aquino shadow guys that the spectrum
I usually talk about the ideal pec for whom
likes funk ars now yes that guy
Are you always walking around?
edges of the map is the ideal for steck
you
level what do we have in the will
the time you have
played on map level 2 sprint the final
for you think you that traverses
great distances then who sprint
here is very useful and 3 reduces
reduced
I now also told the son that the
attacking midfielder and last fifth
Futility you will not be is
detected with motion sensors
unless you're running then
if you have, for example, walk more
walking slowly without using the future
say so is not thought
shift is walking normally you
will not be exported if you have crouched
will not be played lying down either
only if you have even run
let's say the tube using the
maximum speed of your character that
you will be supported then it is a
very good species for those who like
funk up those shadow pecs that are now going
for the two specials here of class d
Rio Grande has special operations
Everyone, I think so.
ideal would be if you are a sniper more
the aggressive icon because
you can be a rich aggressive playing
with a shot gun or how it would end too
so if you are a grateful rich
I advise you to use special operations
if you already did he stayed a little longer
stopped a little more field and mainly
for the long range player
I like to say where the angel is.
this type of audience at the time here is the
ideal but let's go there special operations
because it's good for the ones who play the most
near the goal is more ro chador
but always asks for a complete examination of the
hose
obviously they are arresting the
summer breath
We had the opportunity we were in
natural that have continuity here in
first that is the same that we had
the shadow will give you if you will not be
detected by motion sensors
and unless you're running it's in
level 2 and 4
You will spend six and four on the level.
So much for who plays
I said next goal will be very
useful here not only to destroy is
vehicles but sometimes to kill
infantry also in the third
motion sensor increases to five
number of sensors and at 40% of the
reach of texas and the sea then you
that showbol hand you play for
export you if I'm not mistaken
start with three and when you release
this species here you go up and
ohio disputed tanks that the stm and
mavi increase by 40% if you do not know
the accessories still galley the showbol the
somavila tank I've done a video
we also talk about all the accessories
of a rich then takes a look there that the
video also completes his understanding has
dreams and here in the last will
fast way that cuts down on the time you
exhausted on the map then as I said
here's special operations
nearest civic water goal or
whether or not to end up with PMr as
own bolt action anyway and that was the
snip that I told you is for the staff
who plays Henrique more than
stay a little more stopped by the map
here in the first half neither of breathing
which increases stability time by 100%
samira is not always that you press for
hold your breath net friends
also needs to know if this advantage
that in the first blade film
in the second that the coverage the covenant
suppression you take the suipes
enemies grandson really if you have
using this spec you will be a sniper
from londrina are you going to take
enough of other suit so went here
it's also very good
fast growth
reduced in two seconds as you
stay
crowded and this is also very good for
who plays the night long range until
because sometimes you do not even see the
enemy sniper you try to kill him
even just by the spot
so the fact that you 're not very
timeout also helps
and here at the last sighting he does not know
which is the opposite it increases the time
that you are is at the same time as you
enemies at the same time as the
enemies was fought with you this is
the right word right this phrase
at the same time that the enemies are
amazed at you as I said it is at
times for who plays and of course the
sport is essential to catching
so this is it galera reviews there
now with the revision of the
children of the king of the vehicle is already done several
is a victim in this series of victories and
partners
if you do not know the accessories yet
whether to access the support engineer or
Rich gives a pass on the playlist I go
leave it down here, I hope that
have enjoyed
It's good and until the next